## 1.1 Thinking About Time Reflection

I briefly reviewed all of the links given, but focused on the ones that made the most sense to me and the way my brain works. Specifically, they were the Fogg Method, meditation, and the Pomodoro method/time boxing.

Time boxing is an interesting method because it makes work focused on the time period you are working rather than trying to accomplish a goal. Of course, you are working toward a goal, or several, while in the time frame, but you also take time to assess how long things are going to take and give yourself space in between time boxes for rest and reflection. I think that this, particularly the Pomodoro method, will be helpful for me in DBC, because it forces you to break tasks up into smaller, more digestible chunks, rather than working for hours on end, which is probably unsustainable.

I also think that this way of working will help with time management, because I do not have a current work structure. In college, I was always a procrastinator, but I realize that my way of working was really ineffective and really exhausting. I also find stress to be motivating, but also triggering to my anxiety, so meditation will probably help. Also, I never knew that meditation had so many benefits for the brain, so I'm excited to give it a try. This, coupled with time boxing and the Fogg method (specifically focusing on small victories), will help me establish a work routine that is productive and sustainable, and also will help keep the work fun rather than more stressful and overwhelming. I think establishing a routine in the first weeks of Phase 0 will help keep me on track and organized, and I love being organized.